Feat/1644 multi session/get session from storage all (#970)
inrupt/solid-client-authn-js: CHANGELOG.md

- `getSessionFromStorage`: a function to retrieve a session from storage based on
its session ID (for multi-session management).

> - `getStoredSessionIdAll`: a function to retrieve the session IDs for all stored
> sessions.
> - `clearSessionAll`: a function to clear all information about all sessions in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `getSessionIdFromStorageAll`: a function to retrieve the session IDs for all stored
sessions.
- `clearSessionFromStorageAll`: a function to clear all information about all sessions in
```
